FILE COMPRESSION
  ia. The purpose of file compression is to use up less storage space, and compressed files can be transfered to other computers. 
  
  ib. I compressed my "IT1025WebSite" folder and it compressed from 480 kb to 316 kb. I did the same for a jpg file that was originaly 28 kb, and after being compressed, it was 16 kb. The change for both was a good amount, but the jpg file was compressed more. That means that a jpg file can be compressed more than a svg file. 

OBJECT ORIENTED PROGRAMMING (OOP)
  ia. The method for the shark class is the "def swim(self):", and "def be_awesome(self):". The properties of the "shark class" are the code that prints the two statements "The shark is being awesome." and "The shark is swimming.".
  
  ib. The constructor method is used to initialize data. This would allow you to print something without it affecting your previous codes. 
  
  ic. Classes are blueprints that programs follow to create an object. What it means to instinate an object from a class is to have that object represent what class it is in. 
  
UNIFIED MODELING LANGUAGE (UML)-
  ia. The definition of OMG is "object Managment Group". it is an international, open membership, non-profit technology standards consortium. OMG standards are run by governments, vendors, acidemic users, and more. 
      The purpose of UML was to make a basic uniformed language that the architecture, design, and implementation of complex software systems both structurally and behaviorally. 
      
  ib. 
  object        = shark       I matched the object and shark together because the object of the code is the shark
  class         = swim(self)    I matched the class witht the swim(self), because that is the class of the code ( I can't really explain, but earlier in the lesson we covered what the class was)
  abstraction   = definition of a shark   I matched abstraction with a definition of a shark , because abstraction means to hide everything but the relative data, and the non relevant data is the definition of a shark. 
  encapsulation = a specific type of shark  I matched encapsulation with a specific type of shark because it is the result of hiding extra code inside a single unit, and producing a single kind of shark
  inheritance   = Sammy   Through process of elimination, inheritance has to be matched up to sammy
  
  
  
  
